Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- What are your initial impressions of how `Inheritance` affects your programming?
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

My initial impression is that Inheritance makes programming easier. For me, it is easier to code and edit that code in chunks. This makes it harder for code that is more complex and builds off each other. This solves that problem in a very efficent way. I'm not sure yet if I completely understand exactly what that "Inheritance" does in practice. I think that more practice and seeing more code that uses it will help me grasp it more firmly. 

For this assignment, looking at past assignments really helped me. It helped me fix some of my mistakes/errors in this assignment since I could use it as refrence. Looking at past code and code from class also helps me. Using these codes as a refrence made it much easier to remember syntax of certain things and gain inspiration when I was stuck. One thing that does not work very well for me is google. When I'm very stuck, as a last resort I will google whatever problem I'm having. This can be helpful when I have more general questions/questions about error, but usually it ends up confusing more. Code is obviously pretty specific to what you're doing, how you learned, etc. This means that sometimes the result does not match up at all with what I'm doing, and I get more discouraged. I would reccomend starting these assigments early. This ensures that you can code in chunks of time and gives you more time to seek out help.  